♪♪ [ Rock ]
♪ Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Turtle power ♪
♪ They're the world's
most fearsome fighting team ♪
♪ They're heroes
in a half shell
and they're green ♪
♪ When the evil Shredder
attacks ♪
♪ Turtles fight back ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Turtle power ♪♪
♪♪ [ Ends ]
[ Leonardo ]
Careful, Michelangelo.
This maze is full of traps.
Relax, dudes.
I know what I'm doing.
[ Donatello ]
Which way out?
If you like
French-fried turtles,
I'd go left.
[ Grinding ]
Then again,
if you prefer your appetizers
on the half shell, we go right.
This is no joke, guys.
If we're gonna make it
through this maze,
we gotta split up.
Uh, dudes?
Hello?
Where'd you go?
I gotta get out of here!
- [ Growls ]
- [ Screams ]
Whoa!
[ Growls ]
[ Hisses ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Continues Screaming ]
Help!
Help! Help! Help!
Relax, Michelangelo.
You're just having
a bad dream.
[ Gasping ]
No, dude, it was so real.
I told you not to play
too much Virtual Invaders
before bedtime.
[ Panting ]
No. I think this dream
was trying to tell me something.
What do you
think it means?
That we're not coming back
from our next battle.
[ Munching, Slurping ]
If you spent as much time
working as you do eating,
perhaps my new
vortex transporter
would be done by now.
[ Crunching ]
The Microbots are building it
at the nuclear power plant
on Earth.
[ Panting ]
It will be complete
anytime now.
[ Hiccups ]
What-What about
those Turtles?
Well, now that I've isolated
the active properties
of their mutagen,
I need only extract it
from them...
to transform myself
into a far more powerful being.
Powerful enough to destroy
those meddling reptiles.
[ Chomping ]
Speaking of powerful beings,
Lord Dregg--
[ Gulps, Burps,
Clears Throat ]
Back in Dimension X,
I ran into two evil creatures...
who said
they knew the Turtles.
[ Slurping ]
Really?
Who were they?
I believe their names
were Shodzak and Krelm.
[ Slurping ]
No, no.
Shredder and Krang.
Yes, that's it.
[ Pants ]
They told me they battled
the Turtles for years.
The one called Shredder said
he once captured the reptiles...
with a miniaturization ray.
[ Leonardo ]
Let's get 'em,
Green Team!
Krang, now!
Uh, question.
Are we still turtles?
Or did Shredder
just turn us
into shrimp?
This is the last time
you get underfoot, Turtles!
What happened then?
[ Crunching ]
Um.
Shredder said
he destroyed the Turtles.
But, he was obviously--
[ Burps ]
lying.
Evil beings with knowledge
of the Turtles
and Earth technology.
Yes. Yes, it'll work.
You've just given me
a brilliant idea, Mung.
[ Gulps ]
I have?
I'll soon have enough
knowledge and power...
to conquer all the galaxies.
I think it's gonna work.
Thank goodness!
You've finally fixed
the microwave.
- I'll get the burritos.
- No.
I formulated a variation
of the vortex crystal's
radiation that cured us.
According to the virtual
simulation I ran,
it will stop
your mutations, Carter.
I want to be normal,
but I can do things
as a mutant I couldn't do
as a regular guy.
Now how do I decide
which is the right thing to do?
When does the fly
decide to fly?
That's easy.
When it sees a flyswatter.
You jest, Raphael.
- Nevertheless, you are right.
- You're kidding.
All creatures, great and small,
make their decisions
based on their own survival.
But only man is capable
of making decisions...
based on the survival
of others as well.
I guess that means I have
to do what's best for everyone,
not just myself. Right, Sensei?
Hmm.
You are a wise student, Carter.
Student is right.
I've made up my mind.
I'm going back to college.
I got a lot to learn.
As a normal guy, not a mutant.
Well, okay, then.
Hook him up, guys.
I'll charge up
the de-mutation ray.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
His genes are stable.
You did it, Donatello.
Congratulations!
You're normal again!
All right, way to go, dude!
I think it's time
to party.
Uh, no, thanks, guys.
I hate good-byes.
So let's make this
a short one.
Thank you for everything
you've taught me, Sensei.
Hey-Hey, wait, Carter.
You don't have to go
right now, do you?
When the eagle is ready to fly,
there is nothing to be gained
by remaining in the nest.
Um. Bye.
Bye. Later, dude.
- So long, Carter.
- Boy, I'm sure gonna miss him.
Yeah, me too.
Hey, is that a tear,
Michelangelo?
Wha--
Who, me?
No way, dude.
The-- Carter's exhaust
must have gotten in my eye.
This is great stuff, April.
This is gonna be
the lead story
for tonight's 11:00 report.
Gee, thanks, Bill.
I'll get right on
to my next story.
Hmm. The Microbots
did an excellent job.
- Let's see how it works.
- Yes, Lord Dregg.
Ah, transporter coordinates
are locked onto Dimension X.
Scanning for bio signs.
We're locked
onto the targets.
Well, transport them.
Yes, my lord.
[ Powering Down ]
What's wrong?
Uh, nothing, Lord Dregg.
Transporting from Dimension X
requires billions of watts
of electricity.
It will take a moment
to put all the power online.
[ Woman Exclaiming ]
[ Man ]
Oh, no!
It's all right.
It's just a power failure.
The elevator can't fall.
Whoa!
[ Screaming ]
[ Shouts ]
- What?
- [ Tires Screeching ]
We're out of control!
[ Shouts ]
[ Passengers Screaming ]
What happened?
I don't know.
The power went out.
All right. Who forgot
to pay the power bill?
No one.
The power must be out
in the entire city.
And it's a good thing.
How come?
Because we're
standing in water!
Oh, no!
The city water pumps
have shut down,
which means the runoff
isn't being diverted to the sea.
We've gotta get out of here
before we get flushed
down the drain! Whoa!
[ All Screaming ]
I guess it's a little too late
to call a plumber!
[ All Screaming ]
Oh!
[ Gasps ]
Let me out!
Get out of the way!
[ Panting ]
Next time I'm taking the stairs.
Got to... stop the trolley!
[ Passengers Screaming ]
Thanks, kid.
You saved our lives.
Barely.
I wonder if curing my mutation
was such a good idea.
Ah, forget it, Carter.
There's no turning back now.
Whoa!
[ Screaming ]
[ Shouts ]
Cowabunga, dudes!
I found a surfboard!
[ Growls ]
Whoa!
Whoa! I thought we were
the only reptiles
living in the sewer.
Oh! Don't look now, guys,
but I think we're coming
to the end!
- Of the sewer?
- No, our lives!
[ All ]
Whoa!
[ Grunts ]
Sensei!
[ All ]
Whoa!
Welcome.
- Who are you?
- I am Dregg.
Conqueror of worlds,
ruler of men.
I have brought you
from Dimension X and transported
you back to Earth.
And just why is that?
I need your help
to destroy the Turtles.
If you're
such a great conqueror,
what do you need our help for?
You've been gone
for some time now.
Otherwise, you'd know
that the Turtles
have hyper-mutant powers.
But together,
we can destroy them.
Then the Earth will be ours
to divide as we please.
And if we refuse?
In that case,
I suppose we have
only one choice.
Laser-proof plastic, loser!
One move, Mung,
and you're sliced alien.
Nice meeting you, Dregg.
Conqueror-- in your dreams.
After them, you fools!
[ All ]
Whoa!
[ Groans ]
That was better than
Wally's Water World, dudes.
Could we do it again?
Oh, man.
I think your brain's
waterlogged, Michelangelo.
We gotta find
Master Splinter.
Well, maybe he'll be flushed
out another pipe down the beach.
That fool, Dregg,
has given us
another chance...
to destroy the Turtles
and take over
where we left off.
We'll have to take out
Dregg first.
Oh!
Oh, great.
What's holding up
the traffic now?
Ah!
Shredder?
Krang?
I can't believe it!
Well, believe it, sister.
And get moving!
No-No!
Please, not me.
I've retired from
the "stop the super villain from
conquering the world" business.
Now!
[ Tires Screeching ]
Hello? Sensei?
[ Gasps ]
Relax, Leonardo.
It's just a rat.
[ Splinter ]
Never underestimate
a creature of Earth.
Hey!
Master Splinter!
You might be surprised
at its abilities.
[ April Whispering ]
Guys!
- Shh.
- Can you hear me?
It's the Turtlecom.
What's up, April?
I'm at Hudson and 15th.
I've got a little trouble here.
Actually, she's in
a great deal of trouble.
Shredder!
How did Metalhead get
out of Dimension X?
Who cares?
We've gotta save April.
Come on!
The Turtle van's
back at the lair.
Forget it.
There isn't time!
[ Whistles ]
- No way!
- Yes way!
Thataway!
We're coming up on Hudson.
They gotta be
around here somewhere.
Hey, what's that for?
There's a surcharge
for ambulance service.
Especially when it's for me!
Now!
I'm canceling
your blaster permit!
[ Grunts ]
[ Shouts ]
Who says
you can never get a cab
in this city?
Lord Dregg.
[ Pants ]
I'm transferring
the Turtles' coordinates
to your computer now.
Coordinates locked in.
And now I'll have
their mutagen...
and become the most
powerful being in the world.
[ Groans ]
You know, something tells me
we missed that turn onto 16th.
[ Dregg ]
Welcome back, my friends.
Thank you for delivering
the Turtles.
I suggest none of you resists.
If there's one thing
you can count on, Dregg,
it's that we're gonna resist.
[ All ]
Turtle power!
Oh, great!
There goes my insurance premium.
[ Growls ]
Eww!
Get a life, guano breath.
No fare is worth
this kind of stress!
[ Growls ]
You win.
I surrender.
[ Groans ]
Game's over,
you repugnant reptile.
Let him go.
Drop your weapons.
Whatever you say, Krang.
Now!
Whoa, whoa!
[ Tires Screeching ]
There isn't much time.
Join me,
and we'll stop
the Turtles together...
then rule the planet.
Under the circumstances,
we really don't have any choice.
[ All ]
Whoa!
There's one chance
to stop them.
Cover me!
There.
I've set the coordinates.
- On what?
- Our lair.
Hang on!
[ Dregg ]
Give up, Turtles.
You're outnumbered.
[ All Shouting ]
Looks like
your little game
is over, Dregg.
But, hey, don't worry.
We got you three, lovely
one-way coach
transporter tickets,
back to Dimension X.
No!
I won't go back to Dimension X!
[ Beeping ]
He's draining the reactor core!
There will be a meltdown
in 20 seconds!
- Well, there goes
the neighborhood.
- We've gotta stop it!
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps ]
Give up,
or you'll be needing
a new leader!
[ Sighs ]
I hope the guys are okay.
Huh. What am I talking about?
They did fine
before I came along.
They'll do fine without me.
Uh, does this remind you
of something?
Yes. The Invasion
of the Aliezoids,
directed by Ed Cood, 1957.
Great!
Our life's been reduced
to a B movie.
In a few minutes, I will be
the most powerful being
in the universe.
Uh, you probably don't
want to hear this, Dregg,
but you're showing
definite symptoms
of galactic megalomania...
with delusions
of cosmic consciousness.
In other words,
you're a wacko.
[ Murmurs ]
The elements
you stole from me...
to stabilize your mutations
have genetically incubated
in your bodies.
[ Raphael ]
You mean, you wanted us
to stabilize our mutations?
Of course.
It was the only way I could
create the super mutagen.
Mung, start the transfusion,
will you?
Oh, yes--
[ Panting ]
Lord Dregg.
Why do I get the feeling
this isn't going to be covered
under our health insurance?
Is it okay to be pumping
that stuff out of us?
Oh, don't worry.
You won't be needing it
any longer.
It's time.
Yes, it is.
[ Groans ]
Time for us to take over.
You promised to work with me.
Shredder takes orders
from no one.
Especially an alien.
[ Sighs ]
Especially
an incredibly ugly alien.
But I can make you
a super being.
We don't need you
for that, Dregg.
Now get on the table.
You fools don't know
what you're doing.
You have
a new leader now, Mung.
Prepare the apparatus
to transfuse their life energy
into Krang and me.
As you wish.
Activate
the transformation, Mung.
[ Panting ]
I said, activate the--
[ Grunting ]
No!
That's it, my little friends.
Now build me
two more operating tables.
What are you going to do to us?
What I intended to do all along.
Drain the mutagen
from the Turtles
and absorb your mental energy,
making myself the most powerful
and intelligent mutant
in all the universe.
Oh, and by the way,
you'll all be drained of your
life energy in the process.
[ Panting ]
Dregg, stop!
[ Moaning ]
[ All Moaning ]
It's working, Lord Dregg.
[ Panting ]
It's working!
[ Laughs ]
My dream.
My dream!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org